# User Interface

This folder contains base UI code, classes, libraries and generated documentation.

## Assets

Static asset directory for items like downloads, images, fonts, etc.

## Base

This is the base of the client side styles and JavaScript. In this folder we have our base includes/mixins for Sass and our base application classes for the client side code.

We also have a `_settings.scss` file located here which adds base variables to be used across the site in our stylesheets - things like branding colors, for example.

This folder also contains base level application code in the subfolder `handlers`. This application logic is not tied directly to any individual views or classes and is often leveraging the PubSub pattern. Most instances publish events out to anonymous subscribers which can choose to take action based on that event. The publisher (handler) doesn't care what action is taken, or that any action was taken at all, it simply cares to publish the event.

## Docs

This folder is generated by docco - ran from grunt task runner - giving us annotated documentation from all of our Coffee/JS files. To compile this folder run:

```
grunt docco
```

## Classes

This folder contains generic classes that can be applied site-wide. Examples of this can be buttons, text treatments, multi-module extensions, shims, etc. All things that are not necessarily specific to a module, or a core part of may be reusable and extended from in a module, can be considered a class. Classes add a level of abstraction that is useful for lowering application codebase with reuse.

## Libs

This contains client-side libraries. We are using bower to manage our client-side libraries. To install libraries run:

```
bower install
```

Bower allows affords us all the benefits of a package manager, the same benefits gained from Nuget, NPM and Ruby Gems. These include: 1) Version control of libraries, 2) Libraries not include in source control.

## Templates

Generated from `modules/**/*.share.handlebars` files to be used client side also. This can be compiled by running:

```
grunt handlebars
```

Templates allow us to share the same views (modules) between our server-side and client-side rendering. This makes it easier to transition application logic between client and server with little to no work required in the view.

## Views

This folder contains view and layout level styling.